Paula has not gone completely to Andorra and
we have the proof that they have gone on a
trip eh or rather that
the son of Borrego and the
woman have gone on a trip what will shock them the most is her
companion I just remembered that in the
end what Avilé told me
José Antonio Avilé was true I told him that the thing with
Alejandra Rubio was a setup and he said
No she is not my friend she is my friend we
showed them the getaway of Carmen Borrego's ex daughter-in-law
to the Pyrenees with her
mother her children and José María Almoguera
you see there I see it stranger if she
is with her mother-in-law and with the children I
don't see it as a trip of Reconciliation
if you tell me maybe the mother-in-law has
stayed with the children and they have
both gone on a trip I would understand but that they have
gone together smells strange to me but
let's see what I tell or not I tell I tell
or I don't tell